{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Consolas;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Helvetica;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red36\green39\blue41;\red255\green255\blue255;\red22\green50\blue92;\red0\green77\blue187;\red5\green99\blue193;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs22\lang9 Requiremets for Resource Management Applications\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Resource managemnet for bench-In service provider companies resources are hired for future projects. So till these resources get tagged to particular projects we can utilise their skills for internal project developement. \par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://respro-developer-edition.ap16.force.com/resources }}{\fldrslt{http://respro-developer-edition.ap16.force.com/resources\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Track the resources who are on bench with their experience.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Any employee can post project ideas  and submit it for approval.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Project will get automatically created from project idea once it is approved.\cf2\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}\cf0 Task will be assigned to Manager to add project lead and due date,No of vacancy .\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Project lead can create tasks and assign tasks to employees with due date.\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}Notify employee when the task is assigned to him/her.\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}Notify the project lead when employee completed his/her task.\par
{\pntext\f0 8.\tab}Notify the employees when there is vacancy in project.(If any existing employee of project quit from project or take leave)\par
{\pntext\f0 9.\tab}Notify Manager when the project is completed.\par
{\pntext\f0 10.\tab}Provide security for project data so its not mistakenly viewed,edited,or deleted by employees who should not have access.\par
{\pntext\f0 11.\tab}Chatter is used for discussion and resolving queries.\par
{\pntext\f0 12.\tab}All the documents related to project will be documented in one folder. (documents like Requirements, Architecture and gantt chart).\par
{\pntext\f0 13.\tab}Reports will give overview of project status, number of project ideas,number of resources available, revenue from  different skills.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
\par
Requirements (version -2):\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sl276\slmult1 Employee should be able to add multiple documents while submitting project idea. \par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}All the attachments of project idea should get copied in Project when project is created.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Add the css and bootstrap to site.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Employee can apply for vacancy from site.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Manager will get notification when employee applied for vacancy. \par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}Manager can either schedule an interview or reject the application.\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}Manger will assign Interviewer if interview need to be schedule.\par
{\pntext\f0 8.\tab}If employee gets selected, then he will get added in team member of project and update the vacancy accordingly.\par
{\pntext\f0 9.\tab}Training faculty can add different tests in application.\par
{\pntext\f0 10.\tab}These tests can be activated and deactivated for particular time.\par
{\pntext\f0 11.\tab}Maintain the scores of test for each resource.\par
{\pntext\f0 12.\tab}File System to store Study material need to be implement on site. So resources can study in their free time.\par
{\pntext\f0 13.\tab}vote for the idea\par
{\pntext\f0 14.\tab}create object action\par
{\pntext\f0 15.\tab}Add compact layout for mobiles\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
Improvement:\par
//Develop this app using Community- you cannot allocate each employee salesforce license . It will cost a company a lot. Solution-Design salesforce site\par
//Configure no reply email\par
//deployment of angular java war and jar rest API\par
//explore data table\par
//So in report and dashboard you can show for each skills how much of your budget you have invested\par
//Project idea life cycle-\par
create project idea\par
Evaluate, check feasibility\par
Approve idea\par
Allocate Budget\par
Assign Team lead , Assign Team\par
Assign Task\par
Complete and close the project\par
//revenue and quarter \par
//vacancy custom object so you can align employee\par
//chatter is not available for guest users= {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://developer.salesforce.com/forums/?id=906F00000009AifIAE }}{\fldrslt{https://developer.salesforce.com/forums/?id=906F00000009AifIAE\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par

\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sl276\slmult1 // {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvCa7pRoIg4// }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvCa7pRoIg4//\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  remove search icon in site=\cf3\highlight4\f1\fs23\lang16393\~\highlight0\f2\fs20 use variable\highlight4\f1\fs23\par
//object level action\par
//mobile compact layout\cf0\highlight0\f0\fs22\lang9\par
//add text box to show who is logged in\par
//deploy angular and spring boot on tomcat server\par
Ng build \endash prod   command will create aritifact which can be deployed\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
Problem faced & learnings\par
\par
1)Approval process- reevaluate criteria if you are using the process builder to automatically approve the process\par
2)Problem with saving the record from salesforce site. Crated constructor and created object inside it. problem with calling sequence\par
3)Debugger-debug log from quick find and classic is fast and better to debug the errors.\par
4)returning page sequence\par
5)public setting of site need to be used for providing access to users\par
6)Apps created in lightning does not support in classic.\par
\cf5\highlight4\b\f3\fs20\lang16393 Lightning apps are created and managed in Lightning Experience.\~\par
But you can upgrade app created in classic to lightning \par
App launcher-> select app->upgrade\par
\cf0\b0 7)if you want to add existing record in related list . You need to create custom button in visual force page\par
\highlight0\f0\fs22\lang9 8)Look u relationship -----if you are creating employee lookup in projectaides.\par
You will see all the project ideas in related list of employees\par
9) Master detail relationship---when you create master detail relationship on object that object will be detail object.\par
10)Permission set can not override page layout access\par
\par
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Architecture:\par
\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
Data Model\par
\par
\par
1)Employee-profile, (Custom Object)\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 employee ID/Number-Text\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}name\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}qualification-text\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}experience-Number\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}location/Address- Standard field\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}phone- Standard field\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}email- Standard field\par
{\pntext\f0 8.\tab}Assigned to project/Project Name-Bench , Client project name \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
2)Project Idea (Custom Object)\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1  Name\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Idea-description\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Supporting document\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}status-new,pending for approval,approve,reject,need improvemnet\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
\par
3) Project (Custom object)\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1     Project name:\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}    project lead\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}    features\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}    technology \par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}    due date\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}    tasks:  Master detail.  One to many relationship\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}employees working for project\par
{\pntext\f0 8.\tab}Budget\par
{\pntext\f0 9.\tab}No of vacancy\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
  \par
4)Tasks(Standard object)\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1  task name\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}status \par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}start date\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}    due date\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}Assigned to:\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}Priority\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
5)Primary Skill\par
1.Name\par
\par
6)Junction Object(Employee Primary kill)\par
One Employee can have many primary skills\par
One skill can be aquired by many employees\par
1.Rating-validation rule-( Rating__c <1) || ( Rating__c > 5)\par
2.Experience in months\par
\par
7)Secondary Skill\par
1.Name\par
\par
8)Junction Object(Employee Secondary kill)\par
One Employee can have many Secondary skills\par
One skill can be aquired by many employees\par
1.Rating-validation rule-( Rating__c <1) || ( Rating__c > 5)\par
2.Experience in months\par
\par
\par
\par
9) Vacancy( Custom Object)\par
\par
Name(Software Developer ,Trainee Programmer)\par
Project: lookup field\par
Technology\par
Skills:\par
Location\par
Experience:\par
No of Positions: \par
Contact Person:\par
Status open/closed\par
\par
\par
10)Team members\par
\par
11)Job Application\par
employee id  navigation button \par
vacancy\par
action- accept or reject.\par
\par
12)Interview\par
employee \par
interviewer\par
time \par
feedback\par
status :selected or rejected\par
\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
Security\par
\par
1)Employee Profile\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 can create read edit own Project idea\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}read project\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}read task \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Employee tab is hidden\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Can not read No of Vacancy\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Can not edit budget\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
\cf6 Swati more:  {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:Swati997@gmail.com/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf7\ul Swati997@gmail.com/}}}}\f0\fs22   shreya997@gmail.com\par
\cf0 password:abc@1234\cf6\par
\cf0\par
\par
2)Resource Manager- permission Set-role\cf6\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf0 create edit delete project\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}create edit delete project idea\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} approve idea\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Assign project lead\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Employee tab is visible\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl276\slmult1\par
\cf6 Pooja Desai:  Pooja997@gmail.com\cf0\par
password:abc@1234\par
\par
3)Project Lead - Permission Set-role  \par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 create ,delete,edit ,assign task\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}create edit delete project idea\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}read,edit project\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Employee tab is visible\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl276\slmult1\cf6 Amrita Tiwari  :  Amrita997@gmail.com\par
\cf0 password:abc@1234\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\par
}
 